[Music]
so what would you say has been the
greatest teacher of suffering in your
life well suffering comes from not
understanding how
we look at life
situations the manner in which we look
at life situations and
relationships we can see it when we see
it with the people just the way they are
who they are where they are coming from
if you see it that way you have a flow
of interaction with people
situations there is no
conflict but as soon as you expect
something from
people that is your
expectation is not revealed to them what
you are expecting from them and
therefore most people they have
expectations of what they want from them
so when they don't get it they create
conflict and that is what becomes one of
the major area of suffering is
communication in in particularly
intimate
relationships if there's one message you
want to deliver to humanity now what is
it be nice to
yourself and you don't know how to that
is why find out who you really are and
see who you are not so you can do
yourself a favor by knowing favor who
you are rather than live life for who
you are not and destroy your life force
in feeding who you are
not wow
[Music]
it's